Based on the reports of your fellow classmates during our last class (2020-09-09), please briefly summarize any new ideas for apps to solve people’s problems that you have come up with as a result of listening to other students.

Idea 1: an app that connects farmers or produce salesman to restaurants. Oftentimes people won’t buy perfectly good vegetables or fruits because they are bruised and they get wasted. Creating an app that would connect the produce to restaurants that only need the ingredient and not the beauty of it could help save a lot of the food that gets wasted. It acts as a middleman in order to create an efficient and sustainable system. 
Idea 2: my friend suggested having a calculator that you can speak to in order to do higher level calculus/functions. Although siri/alexa could certainly help with a math question here and there it would be helpful to have a calculator you can ask to do integrals and such without having to lift a finger. Especially for STEM students who have so much work, putting the whole equation into a scientific calculator can be time consuming and this would eliminate that worry.


Several people mentioned the “conflict” between the desire to have a free app, and developers’ desire (and need) to get compensated. Can you suggest any ways by which developers can reap their creativity and efforts’ rewards without alienating their “customer base '' by inundating with ads and/or charging them.

Ads are an excellent source of income however, they are annoying to any user. Rather than having ads pop up while you are using the app thereby interrupting your activity, it would be more sensible to have third parties sponsor tools within the app itself. Let's say in my famer-restaurant app featured above I wanted to get some revenue, I could suggest sponsored restaurants first/sonspored farmers first in order to make it a more inviting platform rather than sprouting an ad in the middle of what you were trying to do. 



Please point to any app/software/website that offers in your opinion an excellent UI/UX. Briefly explain in what ways you find its UI/UX to be so good.

An app that offers excellent UI/UX in my opinion is Spotify. Personally I love that they cater the experience to you so that the user knows that their perspective of the app is unique and unlike others they know. Spotify makes all the music easily accessible to you and creates playlists and categories only you would enjoy based on what you have listened to in the past. 
     


Have last class’s discussions and/or items #1-3 gotten you closer toward a mobile app you would like to pursue as a project for this course? Please discuss briefly.

I definitely think I’m leaning towards my farmer-restaurant app idea as it does a lot of good for the world in general and supports a more sustainable lifestyle. I bet people are out there purchasing fruits and vegetables that aren’t necessarily “perfect” but this app will make it an easier process for everyone who wants to participate and encourage those who have been on the edge to take a leap.
	
