SHORT REPORT:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whenever I hear about a new artist I’m not familiar with, I’m not sure where
to go first on social media to learn more about them.  I could go to Instagram
to see what they look like, or Twitter to see what they are posting.  Sometimes
I might want to use YouTube to see what their most recent release was. This app
was created to fix that problem. The overall goal of this app is to give users
a visually appealing hub that will point them in the right direction to learn
all about a new artist while also serving as a platform that allows easy access 
to latest music releases. 

This problem could potentially be solved through the existing music 
streaming apps as an additional feature, however, we chose to create 
an entirely separate app.This would allow more freedom with how we 
choose to present our data/content while providing additional features 
that enhance the user's expereince and potentially make it more 
fun/engaging. If it were to be included in existing music apps, there would
be too many things to navigate and the essence of the feature would be lost.
We also hope to include a social media aspect to this app to make it more
competitive and set it apart from similar apps/goals. We hope to allow users 
to see who their friends are following and share information on a feed others 
can see as well (either globally or just their friends). This will give people
a motive to use the app besides just viewing information on artists. 

My partner and I decided to build this app for iOS
because we both think that Xcode is a way easier and more user-friendly IDE
to use over android studio. Overall, we are both more familiar with Apple
products than any others so we thought it was more appropriate to go down
the route of iOS.


LAUNCH INSTRUCTIONS:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To run our app, download the zip file, decompress it and open it in Xcode
(we have been using the newest version of xcode). Hit the “play” arrow button
in the top left corner. Navigate to our app and open it up. The username is JV 
and the password is JV as well.


HOW TO USE THE SOFTWARE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In our home screen, you will see a template with a circular scrolling view of
icons at the top. These are the "favorites" chosen by the user which are displayed 
at the top for easy access. When you click on the first few they will take you to 
the designated pages for the artist.

Under that is the scrolling view of the latest releases and trending information. 
This space will act as a general area for finding out what's "in". When you click 
on them they take you to different pages, however, they aren't very accurate as we
haven't fully implemented the new releases page. 

If you scroll further down you will see two rows of blocks that will act as different 
categories the user can chose from- we haven't labellem them yet as we will once we 
obtain data from the Spotify API.

The next page/tab, the favorites tab, will store your favorite artists whom you
can stay updated on. Currently, we have about 9 artist that we chose and when you 
click on the top three you will be taken to another page which will have all the 
information about them along with links to their social media accounts. At the moment
it shows the icon of the artist along with three icons for their social media pages. 
If this app is being built on a simulator then it should take you to the respective
social media pages if you click on the icons ( in the updated version )

Moving on, the notifications tab is being developed and has a list view of example 
notifications we will be building off of. The profile tab is also under development 
and we expand more upon our plans for other tabs/features under next steps.

( in the updated version) We have a profile page in the last/fifth tab. It consists of
a profile picture, name and username along with an edit button that will later allow 
you to alter the profile settings. Temporarily we have a scrolling view of the "followers"
we will also include who the user is following and which artists they are tracking in 
order to provide an area with a general outlook on their stats in the app.


MATERIALS INLCUDED
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All the source code, images and icons are inlcuded in the Xcode project file. All, 
you have to do is run the project. We didn't have any libraries/databases as we were 
focusing on the UI aspect of the project for this semester. 


NEXT STEPS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We have many plans for our app as we will be working on it next semester. 

We will finish the artists profile pages and have them obtain data from reliable 
sources and link their social media accounts so when the user clicks on the icons they 
can directly access their respective social media pages.

We will create an interactive tab where users can share and view which artists other 
people/ "friends" are following/tracking. This will add to the social media aspect of 
the app.

We will modify our notification tab to provide updates on when new music releases and 
any other relevant information the user would like to keep a track of (new social media
posts etc)

Our profile page will be a center for the user to control settings and keep track of 
their data such as followers etc.

We will be implementing the Spotify API and other API's in order to make our app 
completely functional. 
